again and right now I'm going to show
you how to mess it makes it very easy to
back up it's a color
so use your side mirrors and to ease
back you know with note with no worries
at all
and then we're going to show you it's
easy to come you know the cap into the
grooming area the door does lock into
place so you can have it clothing and
this keeps the excess hair from blowing
into the do the Reading area you also
have a window that when you're driving
you can also have plain view of any
traffic right here we have a table and
basically it is an electric table you
know it'll go down pretty much to about
and then once you can obviously this
table doesn't have any booming arms
right now if you look again very easy
it's not a hydraulic table you don't
have on the bar
and then if you have a bigger dog or a
dog that's a little bit walking across
or he's a little bit too heavy for you
we added this cabinet here
we have this cabin here so they can walk
across no problem at Kapaa my problem at
all comes in handy is a shelving and it
has a locking mechanism so while you're
driving you have more storage space down
here additional it's just here
this side of the van we have storage
down and if we go around back we have
additional storage there in edit Orange
you
and enough on the left side it we have
stereo system you can put nice music for
you in the pet too
we relaxed to whatever it makes it
easier we also the city hath not these
windows that slide open you can let the
air for air flow move out there also
they're gonna showing more additional
storage here so more storage for this
this fan has enough storage space
now what we can move into I'm going to
see I want to show you how air
conditioning works I would tell you it's
going to be very comfortable
so there's your air-conditioning unit
there are the two that he was talking
about one towards the front of the van
and one towards the back of the van
comes in handy when you have some
humidity in here so that will just suck
up the air they were here
we have the control all the workings of
the van we have actually at your yard
your generator right here and just push
the button it has a basic I might let
you know when it's time for servicing
and then we have control kind of here
basically it shows you push this how
much greater water you have it's on
empty right now and up what do we have
it's on empty right now but it was tell
you how much water you have there either
you know but the battery is looking like
and what the LP gas tank is looking like
this is your water pump it's on the
water and then we also have our sizing
system I'll show you how that works and
here is the water heater you just to get
started at the beginning of the day in
Eltham warm also you can't forget that
we also have please and this is that
there are the thermostat for the heater
you can warm as well switch here for the
overhead lighting and you know some
electrical outlets for your Clippers and
whatever you have man there's also a
switch here for lighting tip you don't
have to generate it all you want it's
something you can easily use that I can
show you we it comes with
okay I'll show you basically their
weight they comes with a hook dryer in
the Clipper back but you just attach the
Clipper better and then this is for the
dryer you're attached to the dryer hose
here annuls here they're pretty powerful
one of the products
the
yeah this is what to drive the Clipper
back of unit is on this side sorry
that's the thigh switch that's it so
like I said when you're using the
Clipper back unit sucks the hair up
while you're clipping and then this
button a hose and that is for your
vacuum cleaner to do at the end of the
day also I want to point out there is a
cutter in place and we also have that's
called carbon monoxide detector if
there's any kind of you know it'll alert
you to that if the dentist
demonstrators is the bathing system
because that you're trying to do is
bathe the dog and and trim them the
bathing system has comes with two two
hoses you have your the water source and
you have your sudsing source and this is
the on and off for the water the tub
does come with two drainage systems and
to think outlets so that it doesn't
matter it more to the right or more to
the left the trader will not be a
problem for you or for this them to work
properly
and I just wanna let you think that it
is a stainless steel tub
it's as tarea free as you can get a lot
of bets you have stainless steel so this
is the way to go
also inside of fiberglass again that
keeps it forest it keeps it clean it's
easy to wipe down it's all custom the
lighting is very simple look you just
open this you know open up the latch
stick there and you know easy these were
also custom make the vinyl you can
choose Inka by the way that you want I'm
partial to purple but you know yellow
orange red green whatever those are
fancy there so you can see it's just
it's a spa on wheels it's functional
edible and your customers you know the
will feel very pleased to see that it's
a nice clean self-contained bed this
could be yours you know it's just give
us a call well Elmo yours thank you very
much
Oh